Text Analysis
Description
You are to write a menu-driven program that analyzes a text file and allows the user to view various reports of 
the content. Possible choices for the user should include
 Identify a file to analyze
 Display a list of unique words and their frequency in alphabetic order
 Display a list of unique words and their frequency in order by frequency
 Display a list of unique characters and their frequency in alphabetic order
 Display a list of unique characters and their frequency in order by frequency
 Display a summary of the characters in a table
 The number of sentences
 The number of unique characterso The total number of characters
 Display a summary of the words in a table
 The length of the shortest word
 The length of the longest word
 The average length of a word
 The number of unique words
 The total number of words
 Display a summary of the lines in a table
 The length of the shortest line
 The length of the longest line
 The average length of a line
 The total number of lines
Discussion
 The file may be read only once.
 Only one copy of the information from the file may be stored in the program.
 For unique characters, uppercase is considered separate from lowercase. 'A' and 'a' are different.
 A sentence is marked by a period, question mark or exclamation point.
 A word is defined as one or more consecutive, non-space characters.
 A word should be converted to a standardized format.
 A word should be converted to all lowercase, so that "The" and "the" are treated as the same word.
 All leading and trailing punctuation should be removed from a word. For example,
"I can't!", he said.
 i
 can't
 he
 said
 Print words and frequencies in 4 groups per line, with values ascending in columns, not across the row.
 Print characters and frequencies in 8 groups per line, with values ascending in columns, not across the row.
 Display descriptive column headings and labels. Values in columns should be aligned normally.
 Use good programming technique and style (e.g., descriptive names, comments for functions and variables, 
appropriate data types, each logical section in its own function, efficient code, etc.).
Hand In
Hand in the program and a demonstration electronically. Text files will be provided for testing.
